[framework] Enabled caching for DomainRouter and LocalizedRouter (#2133)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v9.1.0-dev.md

- add automatic string trimming and new Password type in frontend API ([#2127](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2127))
    - see #project-base-diff to update your project

- provide cache directory to DomainRouterFactory and LocalizedRouterFactory ([#2133](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2133))
    - the step is necessary in case you have extended following classes:
        - `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\DomainRouterFactory`
        - `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\LocalizedRouterFactory`

>     - pass cache directory argument from your `services.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - pass cache directory argument in your `services.yaml` as `$cacheDir` argument
```
